Name: Jeremi Piotrowski

Email: jpiotrowski@microsoft.com, jpiotrowski@linux.microsoft.com

Background:

I'm a software engineer at Microsoft, where I work within Azure. My primary
focus has been contributing to open source projects within the Cloud Native
space, but I do not draw the line there and try to improve any and every part
of the stack involved in running containers.

For the past year I have been lurking around the Confidential Containers
community, getting more actively involved since the beginning of this year. So
far, I have mostly been visible helping out with CoCo releases, as well as
fixing bugs and submitting improvements to CoCo/Kata tests/CI. You may also
have seen me answering questions on slack and helping others understand the
Kata design or debugging issues.

Microsoft relies on Kata Containers in some of our product offerings, with more
to come. We sponsor both the Kata as well CoCo CI infrastructures. We are also
active in adjacent projects like Cloud Hypervisor. Our goal within the Kata
project is simple: contribute to making it more secure and suitable for an even
wider range of use cases. Part of this is taking our learnings from years of
running hardware isolated containers and confidential computing workloads in
production and contributing them to the project, in a way that benefits all
users.

Joining the Kata Architecure Committee will give me a chance to better serve
the community. Kata is a very dynamic and friendly project, and I'd like to
contribute to that. I care about expanding the project test matrix and making
testing both faster and more reliable, so that it is easier for new
contributors to join the project. I also want to work within the AC to see if
we can reconcile some of the extensions that the community has built up around
Kata.

Jeremi
