Name: Aurelien Bombo

Email: abombo@microsoft.com

Background:

I'm a software engineer at Microsoft, where I work on developing the
Azure Linux OS for different offerings, including the Azure Kubernetes
Service (AKS), and where my primary focus is to grow Kata Containers
both outside and inside Microsoft.

I joined the project at the beginning of last year, when I initially
helped with the move from Jenkins to Github Actions in order to
modernize the CI. Since then, I've been involved in both the Kata and
CoCo communities, maintaining and strengthening our CI, reviewing
contributions, and helping out cutting releases.

Notably, as Microsoft sponsors the CI infrastructure for Kata and CoCo
(as well as adjacent projects like Cloud Hypervisor), I've worked with
Microsoft leadership to unlock $54,000 of funding for Azure resources
for testing. Separately, I've worked with Github to upgrade our
concurrent free runner limit from 20 to 100, significantly speeding up
our CI at no extra cost. In everyday operations, I make it a point to
ensure our CI usage continuously gives us a safe operating margin in
terms of costs, and I bring my expertise in helping the community
maintain the health of the test infrastructure relying on AKS.

More recently, I've been leading a mentorship program with Boston
University, in which a team of five students is working on turning our
CI dashboard prototype into a production solution, as well as adding
more automation to our CI. I've also been working more closely with
the CoCo community to enable confidential storage features.

In the next year, I plan to keep executing on these priorities and to
further stabilize and strengthen Kata. As the project matures, a logical
next step that I'd like to explore is advertising it around different
online communities and increasing the reach and growth of the project
this way.

Aurelien
