Name: Fabiano Fidêncio

Email: fabiano@fidencio.org

Background:

I am a Software Engineer, a tattoo canvas for abstract art, a music addict, a
goats and pigs instagram follower, and a big fan of old video games.

In the past 30 months I dedicated a huge chunk of my professional and personal
time contributing to the Kata Containers project and community, with a strong
focus on trying to keep the community as healthy as possible, while recently
also focusing on efforts in the Confidential Containers space.

My involvement with Kata Containers has been intense, to say the least.  I've
been involved on pretty much every part of the project, and also on projects
Kata Containers interacts with.  Moreover, I've already been serving the
community as a current member of the Kata Containers Architecture Committee.

In the enterprise world, while working for Intel, I've worked mostly on
leveraging Intel's usage of Kata Containers, and also bringing Intel
technologies to the project, such as the TDX support and integration work for
Confidential Containers.  While I was still working for Red Hat,I worked on
making the upstream project a Red Hat's downstream product, passing by Fedora,
CentOS, Red Hat CoreOS, and OpenShift components, which led to the OpenShift
Sandboxed Containers product, which uses Kata Containers underneath.

In the community space, I also have helped on a lot of different parts of the
project. connected people to have their problems solved, mentored both
newcomers and students into our community, been leading Architecture Committee
meetings, helped organise Kata Containers vPTG sessions, presented the project
at conferences, worked together with OIF on getting Study Cases published, and
helped increase the number of members in our community.  I also am hands-on on
CI, code-reviewing, development focusing on easing the adoption of the project.
I've managed a whole bunch of releases, and have been working as much as
possible to grow this community in a healthy way.

My main motivations are still to increase Kata Containers adoption in the
industry, while ensuring the project is stable and easily consumable.  This is
more important now than ever as new players are adopting and contributing to
the Kata Containers project, and we're transitioning to the runtime-rs.

To make it possible, I plan to continue working in the integration bits, while
connecting and facilitating the communication between the Kata Containers
community and the communities that I am part of.

Fabiano Fidêncio (Slack: fidencio)
