Name: Jeremi Piotrowski

Email: jpiotrowski@microsoft.com

Background:

I'm a software engineer at Microsoft, where I work within Azure. My primary
focus is contributing to open source projects within the Cloud Native space,
but I do not draw the line there and try to improve any and every part of the
stack involved in running containers.

For more than a year now I have been active in both the Kata Containers and
Confidential Containers communities. I have been working in numerous areas most
recently CI stability, and reviewing contributions (especially Cloud-Hypervisor
related) to ensure the project can incorporate them in a timely manner. Other
areas I've helped with are CoCo releases, CoCo development related to
attestation (TDX and SNP) and bugfixes in Kata (cgroups and others). You may
also have seen me answering questions on slack and helping others understand
the Kata design or debugging issues.

Microsoft relies on Kata Containers in some of our service offerings, with more
to come. We sponsor both the Kata as well CoCo CI infrastructures. We are also
active in adjacent projects like Cloud Hypervisor. Our goal within the Kata
project is simple: contribute to the security and reliability of the project
and help make it suitable for an even wider range of use cases. Part of this is
taking our learnings from years of running hardware isolated containers and
confidential computing workloads in production and contributing them to the
project, in a way that benefits all users.

Joining the Kata Architecure Committee will give me a chance to better serve
the community. Kata is a very dynamic and friendly project, and I'd like to
contribute directly to that. I care about making the project more robust as the
codebase grows, improving our test and release processes and making it is
easier for new contributors to join the project. I also want to work within the
AC to see if we can reconcile some of the extensions that the community has
built up around Kata.

Jeremi
